README.md, before:

# GhostBusters
Hello and welcome to Once Measured Twice Cut's Ghostbuster's Repository!

## Circuit Diagrams and Pictures


For convince, I've made it so you have two options. You can either follow and solder along with a picture of the circuit design or download and read the circuit schematic. 

In the pictures I've marked the different arduinos with the corresponding file name of the program you should download to them.

### Ethan's Pack


### Hecate's Pack

#### Circuit Picture
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/121141164/214507058-82fe7958-2392-4246-85ca-d1e8cb1b8af1.png)

#### Circuit Schematic:
[Hecate_Ecto_Pack_120622.pdf](https://github.com/OnceMeasuredTwiceCut/GhostBusters/files/10497152/Hecate_Ecto_Pack_120622.pdf)

#### Component List
Component | Names of Component in Diagrams | Quantity 
--- | --- | --- |
Arduino Nano | ArduinoNano_Cyclone, ArduinoNano_BarGraph, ArduinoNano_MiddleLights |	3 
NeoPixel Strip 16 | LEDCyclone_1, LED Cyclone_2, LED BarGraph | 3 
NeoPixel Strip 8 | LED Cyclone_3 LED, SlimeMeter, |	2 
NeoPixel Strip 6 |LED MiddleLight_2, LED MiddleLight_1 |	2 
5 Volt Battery | BAT 5 volt Battery |	1	

## Notes

Commit message:

Adding Notes about Arduino and Battery differences

README.md, after:

# GhostBusters
Hello and welcome to Once Measured Twice Cut's Ghostbuster's Repository!

## Circuit Diagrams and Pictures


For convince, I've made it so you have two options. You can either follow and solder along with a picture of the circuit design or download and read the circuit schematic. 

In the pictures I've marked the different arduinos with the corresponding file name of the program you should download to them. While the Arduinos displayed are depicted to be Arduino Unos, we used Arduino Nanos in our designs. Tinkercad only has Arduino Uno as an option for pictures of Arduinos.

### Ethan's Pack


### Hecate's Pack

#### Circuit Picture
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/121141164/214507058-82fe7958-2392-4246-85ca-d1e8cb1b8af1.png)

#### Circuit Schematic:
[Hecate_Ecto_Pack_120622.pdf](https://github.com/OnceMeasuredTwiceCut/GhostBusters/files/10497152/Hecate_Ecto_Pack_120622.pdf)

#### Component List
Component | Names of Component in Diagrams | Quantity 
--- | --- | --- |
Arduino Nano | ArduinoNano_Cyclone, ArduinoNano_BarGraph, ArduinoNano_MiddleLights |	3 
NeoPixel Strip 16 | LEDCyclone_1, LED Cyclone_2, LED BarGraph | 3 
NeoPixel Strip 8 | LED Cyclone_3 LED, SlimeMeter, |	2 
NeoPixel Strip 6 |LED MiddleLight_2, LED MiddleLight_1 |	2 
5 Volt Battery | BAT 5 volt Battery |	1	

## Notes

While the Arduinos displayed are depicted to be Arduino Unos, we used Arduino Nanos in our designs. Tinkercad only has Arduino Uno as an option for pictures of Arduinos.

Similarly, the battery depicted in both pack is a 3v battery. We used a 5v battery but, Tinkercad does not have the option to display a battery larger than 3 volts. Use a 5v battery when connecting the components together
